[nextjs] Add PartialDesignDynamicPlaceholder to App Router and Pages Router templates (#488)
Sitecore/content-sdk: .changeset/partial-design-placeholder-templates.md

---
'create-content-sdk-app': patch
---

> [create-content-sdk] Add PartialDesignDynamicPlaceholder to App Router and Pages Router templates for SitecoreAI partial designs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[create-content-sdk-app] Add PartialDesignDynamicPlaceholder to App Router and Pages Router templates for Sitecore AI partial designs
```
